README.md, before:

ME218D - JPL Wheel
==========

Code repository for Stanford ME218D, Fall 2013: JPL Tactile Wheel

Andrew Kessler, Riley Shear, David Choy

##Problem Statement
If you walk into a high-end running store, the sales person will likely to ask you to walk on a pad that reports how your weight is distributed across your foot as you take a step. Based on that information, they will reccomend a shoe model. As you walk around in your new shoes, your body relies on the nerves in your foot to provide information critical to maintaining balance and understanding the surface you are walking on. The same basic precepts should be true for Mars rovers as well. 

The advancement of wheeled mobility systems for planetary exploration faces two related problems in the designed of the wheels themselves. First, designers have diffictuly in generating test data that can be used to refine potential designs in terms of the wheels' interactions with a variety of substrates. Second, current wheels are effecitvely "numb", providing no immediate feedback to the system for control. As a potential mitigation of another "Free Spirit" event, JPL seeks the devleopment of tactile wheel technologies that will result in both more cabable wheels and more capable control of wheeled systems. 

## Repository Structure
###PC Interface GUI
Files in this folder are the PC end of the pressure sensor interface. The microcontroller will send data over a data channel (for now, UART), and the PC interface will interpret and plot this data in real time.

###Microcontroller Code

Code for the microcontroller on the wheel goes in here.

###Mechanical Design

Files related to mechanical design go in here. 

###Documentation
Generic documentation for the project as a whole goes in here. Documentation specific to the microcontroller code or mechanical design should be put in the respective folder.

###Other
Feel free to make a new folder for files that don't fit into any of the above categories.

Commit message:

updated readme with processing info

README.md, after:

ME218D - JPL Wheel
==========

Code repository for Stanford ME218D, Fall 2013: JPL Tactile Wheel

Andrew Kessler, Riley Shear, David Choy

##Problem Statement
If you walk into a high-end running store, the sales person will likely to ask you to walk on a pad that reports how your weight is distributed across your foot as you take a step. Based on that information, they will reccomend a shoe model. As you walk around in your new shoes, your body relies on the nerves in your foot to provide information critical to maintaining balance and understanding the surface you are walking on. The same basic precepts should be true for Mars rovers as well. 

The advancement of wheeled mobility systems for planetary exploration faces two related problems in the designed of the wheels themselves. First, designers have diffictuly in generating test data that can be used to refine potential designs in terms of the wheels' interactions with a variety of substrates. Second, current wheels are effecitvely "numb", providing no immediate feedback to the system for control. As a potential mitigation of another "Free Spirit" event, JPL seeks the devleopment of tactile wheel technologies that will result in both more cabable wheels and more capable control of wheeled systems. 

## Repository Structure
###PC Interface GUI
Files in this folder are the PC end of the pressure sensor interface. The microcontroller will send data over a data channel (for now, UART), and the PC interface will interpret and plot this data in real time. The GUI is written in the Processing language, available for free at [http://processing.org](http://processing.org/ "Processing").

###Microcontroller Code

Code for the microcontroller on the wheel goes in here.

###Mechanical Design

Files related to mechanical design go in here. 

###Documentation
Generic documentation for the project as a whole goes in here. Documentation specific to the microcontroller code or mechanical design should be put in the respective folder.

###Other
Feel free to make a new folder for files that don't fit into any of the above categories.
